Make adjustments to release PR templates (#268)
KinsonDigital/Velaptor: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/production-release-pr.md

-->
<!--suppress HtmlDeprecatedAttribute -->
<h1 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Production Release Pull Request</h1>
<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">✅Code Review Checklist✅</h2>

> - [ ] The **_head(source)_** branch for this pull request is a **_release_** branch with the correct naming syntax in the following example.

Reviewer: Remove period, use colon

```suggestion
- [ ] The **_head(source)_** branch for this pull request is a **_release_** branch, with the correct naming syntax, in the following example:
```

  - A **_head(source)_** branch is the branch being merged into a target branch.
    <details closed><summary>Example</summary>

      ``` xml
      Syntax: release/v<major>.<minor>.<patch>
      Example: release/v1.2.3
      ```
    </details>

- [ ] The **_base(target)_** branch for this pull request is a **_production_** branch with the name of **_master_**.

>   - A **_base(target)_** branch is the branch that is a source branch being merged into it.

Reviewer: Sentence structure
```suggestion
  - A **_base(target)_** branch is the branch that the **_head(source)_** branch is merging into.
```

- [ ] The **_head(source)_** branch for this pull request is created from a **_development_** branch with the name **_develop_**.

> - [ ] Pull request title matches the example below with the correct version.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
- [ ] Pull request title matches the example below, using the correct version.
```

  <details closed><summary>Example</summary>
    
    ``` xml
    Syntax: 🚀Release To Production - v<major>.<minor>.<patch>
    Example: 🚀Release To Production - v1.2.3
    ```
  </details>

> - [ ] A https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/labels/%F0%9F%9A%80Production%20Release label has been added to the this PR.

Reviewer: Remove "the"
```suggestion
- [ ] A https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/labels/%F0%9F%9A%80Production%20Release label has been added to this PR.
```
